Feature: pytest integration (#261)
eclipse/kiso-testing: docs/pytest/usage.rst

Using Pykiso with Pytest
========================

The pykiso-pytest plugin allows to run pykiso test suites with pytest without any migration effort.
Simply run ``pytest my_test_configuration_file.yaml`` and enjoy!

> Still, to benefit from all of pytest's features, your existing test suites can be migration from

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Still, to benefit from all of pytest's features, your existing test suites can be migrated from
```

the pykiso (unittest) style to the pytest style.

Running Pykiso tests with pytest
--------------------------------

> Let us take as example the following test configuration file and name it ``example.yaml``:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let us take as example the following test configuration file named ``example.yaml``:
```

            self.assertTrue(next(self.side_effect))

    @pykiso.define_test_parameters(suite_id=1, case_id=2, aux_list=[aux2], tag={"variant": ["v1"]})
    class MyTest2(pykiso.BasicTest):
        def test_run(self):
            self.assertTrue(aux2.is_instance)

Then, executing ``pytest example.yaml -v`` will produce the following output:

.. image:: ../images/pykiso_pytest.png
   :width: 800

Running pytest tests with pykiso test auxiliaries
-------------------------------------------------

One of Pytest's main features are `test fixtures <https://docs.pytest.org/en/7.2.x/explanation/fixtures.html>`_.
These allow you to create a context for your test cases, by specifying a test setup, teardown or more generally
by initializing resources that are then provided to the test cases.

Pykiso's pytest plugin uses fixtures to provide test auxiliaries to test cases. Similarly to the
importable auxiliary aliases in pykiso, the plugin will create fixtures available under this alias.

For example, taking as reference the previous test configuration file and pykiso test suite,
the pykiso test case ``MyTest2`` could be rewritten to:

.. code:: python

>     @pytest.mark.tags(variant=["var1"])

Author: This is how you apply pykiso tags on pytest test cases, so this is literally the pytest conversion of the previous pykiso test ;)
